About GitHub Classroom (#24464)
github/docs: content/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/get-started-with-github-classroom/about-github-classroom.md

---
title: About GitHub Classroom
intro: 'Teachers and school administrators can use {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} to create virtual classrooms, make and edit assignments, automatically grade assignment submissions, and more.'
type: overview
topics: 
  - Fundamentals
versions:
  fpt: '*'
---

## About {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}

> {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} is a teaching tool that lets teachers and school administrators create and manage digital classrooms and assignments. You can create assignments for individual students or groups, set due dates, and track assignments on your teacher dashboard. Additionally, {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} has many features that simplify tasks like providing feedback, grading assignments, and integrating your existing teaching tools.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion as it reads oddly otherwise 🤔 
```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} is a teaching tool that lets teachers and school administrators create and manage digital classrooms and assignments. You can create assignments for individual students or groups of students, set due dates, and track assignments on your teacher dashboard. Additionally, {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} has many features that simplify tasks like providing feedback, grading assignments, and integrating your existing teaching tools.
```

## {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} features 

> {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} offers a variety of features to simplify teaching and learning.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:
```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} offers a variety of features to simplify both teaching and learning.
```

### Assignment templates

> With {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, you can create assignments that use template repositories with boilerplate code, documentation, and other resources. Assignments with template repositories create assignment repositories with starter code for your students. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/create-an-assignment-from-a-template-repository)."

Reviewer: Adding a bit more to explain why this feature is great
```suggestion
With {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, you can create assignments that use template repositories with boilerplate code, documentation, and other resources that you think will be useful to your students. Assignments with template repositories create assignment repositories with starter code for your students. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/create-an-assignment-from-a-template-repository)."
```

### Autograding

> Through {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, you can configure tests to automatically grade students' work each time they push to their assignment repository. To learn more about autograding with {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/use-autograding)."

Reviewer: Simplifying, mainly because this content is translated, and the suggested version will be easier for localization purposes:
```suggestion
Through {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, you can configure tests to automatically grade the work of each student every time that student  pushes to their assignment repository. To learn more about autograding with {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/use-autograding)."
```

> ### Connect a learning management system

Reviewer: It may be a good idea to rationalize these headings so that they all use the name of the feature (a noun) or an action (with a verb at the start). 
```suggestion
### Ability to connect a learning management system
```

Optionally, you can connect a learning management system (LMS) to {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} to import a student identifier roster for your classroom. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/connect-a-learning-management-system-course-to-a-classroom)."

### Feedback pull requests

With {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, you can enable feedback pull requests. If you enable this feature for an assignment, {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} creates a special pull request titled **Feedback** in the assignment repository for each student or group. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/leave-feedback-with-pull-requests)."

> ### Integrate a classroom with an integrated development environment (IDE)

Reviewer: Same comment as above + we should try and avoid repeating integrate/integration in the same heading

```suggestion
### Combination with an integrated development environment (IDE)
```

> In {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}, you can integrate a classroom with an IDE. Students can make changes to their assignment repositories through the IDE, or by checking out and running code locally with the necessary software. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide)."

Reviewer: I'd use `appropriate` or `required` here, instead of `necessary`.

> ## Further reading

Reviewer: Usually, but this might have changed, we add articles that are not in the same map topic as the current article to this section, so I would suggest removing this link, and linking to articles that customers may be interested in, having read this overview of GitHub Classroom. I would look at @saritai's suggestions for inspiration 😃 

> this section should direct users where to go to get started and learn more detailed information - we should include links to the major sections/TOCs. So we could include a link to "[GitHub Classroom basics](https://docs.github.com/en/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/basics-of-setting-up-github-classroom)" page for if they want to view videos on how to get started. https://docs.github.com/en/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/basics-of-setting-up-github-classroom. We should also include a link to “[Teach with GitHub Classroom](https://docs.github.com/en/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom)” for teachers to get started setting up classrooms and assignment, and also a link to “[Integrate GitHub Classroom with an IDE](https://docs.github.com/en/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide)” if they want to learn more about that. And for students who want to learn more about the GitHub Classroom learning experience, we can link to “[Learn with GitHub Classroom](https://docs.github.com/en/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/learn-with-github-classroom)”.

---
title: About GitHub Classroom
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} is a space where teachers, organizations or school administrators can create assignments, collaborate with teaching assistants, and invite students in a single course.'
type: overview
topics: 

>   - Fundamentals

Author: Aha, I'm glad.😅

You can also configure workflows, so that on each push of code to a pull request, your students' submissions are autograded. To learn more about autograding in GitHub Classroom, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/use-autograding)."

{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} lets you enable pull request for feedback. This creates a special pull request titled **Feedback** in the assignment repository for each student or team. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/leave-feedback-with-pull-requests)."

You can optionally connect a learning management system (LMS) with {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/connect-a-learning-management-system-course-to-a-classroom)."

> ## GitHub Classroom Features 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} features 
```

Small suggestion to use a variable

Reviewer 2: Also, with the accessibility initiative, we add sentences between headings to improve the screenreader experience 🙂

### Integrated Development Environment (IDE)

{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} allows you to integrate a classroom with an IDE. Students can choose to either makes changes online or offline. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/integrate-github-classroom-with-an-ide)."

### Autograding

{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} allows you to configure workflows to automatically grade students on submission of a pull-request. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/use-autograding)."

> ## Feedbacks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Feedback
```

Small typo fix

{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} lets you create special feedback pull request to leave feedback on your students' submissions. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/leave-feedback-with-pull-requests)."

To learn more about the various {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} features, see "[AUTOTITLE](/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/get-started-with-github-classroom/glossary)."

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Tiny suggestion to remove extra spacing

---
title: About GitHub Classroom
intro: 'Teachers and school administrators can use {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} to create virtual classrooms, make and edit assignments, automatically grade assignment submissions, and more.'
type: overview
topics: 
  - Fundamentals
versions:
  fpt: '*'
---

## About {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %}

{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} is a teaching tool that lets teachers and school administrators create and manage digital classrooms and assignments. You can create assignments for individual students or groups, set due dates, and track assignments on your teacher dashboard. Additionally, {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} has many features that simplify tasks like providing feedback, grading assignments, and integrating your existing teaching tools.

## {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} features 

> {% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} offers a variety of features that frees up your time and lets you focus on teaching.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} offers a variety of features to simplify teaching and learning.
```

I think having one sentence is totally fine here! I just suggested some small edits to make it more concise and broadly cover all of the features discussed below.

---
title: About GitHub Classroom
shortTitle: About GitHub Classroom 
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_classroom %} is a space where teachers, organizations or school administrators can create assignments, collaborate with teaching assistants, and invite students in a single course.'

> product: 'Education'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The `product` field is really only used for specific gated features, so this also isn't necessary 🙂

type: overview
topics: 
  - Fundamentals
versions:
  fpt: '*'

> redirect_from:
>   - /education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/about-github-classroom
>    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We also don't have to include any redirects! Since this is a new article, there shouldn't be any users with an old URL/anyone expecting it to be in a different location 👍🏼
